My fiancé (40 M) fell asleep in bed with his phone after a few glasses of wine. When I got to bed I grabbed it to put it on the charger and when I went to plug it in I noticed the app Blendr on his Siri Suggestions. I promise you I was not digging. I've never looked through his phone and respect his privacy always.

I actually didn't know what Blendr was, but I immediately got a weird feeling and googled it only to find out it was a dating app. So then I actually did violate his privacy by entering in the password to his phone, only to find out it had changed. Not by much, still his birthday, but numbers rearranged (didnt figure this out until later).

When I couldn't get into his phone, I went to bed. When we woke up I confronted him about it. Basically he immediately started to gaslight me, talking about how he didn't even know what that app was, and then went to the bathroom and deleted the app, as if I didn't know what he was doing.

Once he deleted it I obviously knew the truth, that he was speaking to other women. He continued to gaslight me about not trusting him, that it was an old app he never used, and even said it appeared on his suggestions because our 1 year old son played with his phone and opened it. Even if this was true, why was it on his phone in the first place?

Eventually I got him to admit he used the app but only to swipe through pictures and nothing else. I feel like there is more to it because he refuses to sign back into the app and prove to me that was all. He kept saying I didn't trust him but like... duh? Well now I don't! If you have nothing to hide then why not show me that? He tried to sign back in and show me but conveniently forgot the password.

I'm sad. I feel betrayed. And conflicted. There's most likely more to it than he is admitting, but I also don't know that for sure. He did cheat on me early on in our relationship and we got past it, but I can't help but feel like this will continue to happen and I don't want it to be 5 years down the road and find myself in the same position again. Don't get all judgy about forgiving the cheating, I cheated on a boyfriend in the past and deeply regret it so at the time I felt like there were karmic happenings. I don't regret forgiving him, we have our beautiful boy because I chose forgiveness.

My fiancé travels a lot for work and is away from home for 2 week stretches sometimes. We FaceTime a lot in the evening and he's never shady about answering calls so I never got the impression he was up to something while away. But now I can't help but doubt all that. What does he do when we hang up?

He is my soul mate. He takes such good care of me and he is an amazing father to our son. I just need someone to talk to and I don't know what to do. I don't want to stay together just for my son, but I dont want to break up our family. I love him so much but I don't want to be drawn into this terrible cycle.

What would you do if you were me? Leave? Stay? Make demands? I can't even think, it's like I'm numb.